## Game

### Game Overview

 Strongly influenced by Teleglitch:
  - same level design, including 3d walls.
  - same kind of procedural generation.
  - same central mechanic i.e. explore/flee/attack.
  - same objective i.e. escape military research base.
  - _but_,
    - the research is about near death experiences.
    - Tibetan Buddhist Mythology.
    - the UI for movement/crafting will differ.
    - played from a minimap perspective.

Implemented via __preact__ and __CSS-in-JS,__ using __SVG__. This means it is possible to demonstrate __step-by-step__ via onsite babel and hot-module-reloading.

### Story Overview

The company is again _Militech_. The research project is _Sensory Experiences in Intermediate States_. Their research proposal asks: _can bio-printed clones experience meditative states?_

  - They use "fast baked" bio-printed clones. A fundamental problem in Clone Studies is their complete lack of "direction". They are only useful when mind-synced to their originator. They are not exact clones i.e. their cells are "tougher" via extremophile DNA.
  - The research project studies three intermediate states:
    - Awake (Clone studies)
    - Dream (Induced clone lucid dreams)
    - Death (Induced clone death and resuscitation).
      - Whilst both prone, the originator mind-syncs the clone.
      - The clone is oxygen-deprived and dies; the originator enters a coma.
      - The originator experiences the brain-death of the clone for e.g. 5 days.
      - The clone is resuscitated: possible via their extremophile DNA.
      - The originator awakens and is un-synced.

- How it all goes wrong.
  - Experiencing death countless times, the test subjects become expert meditators. They investigate the _dull lights_ (Bardo Thodol) and return via resuscitation, considering these experiences to be lucid dreams.
  - The test subjects continually attempt to "merge" with a character they encounter before resuscitation. Finally a breakthrough: a clone wakes up too.
  - All the clones wake up. They enslave their originators, who become The Bridge.

- This event is the precursor to _The Night Land_.
- The research base AI will help you escape. The AI is also trying to save the other personnel and test subjects. You must work with the AI.
- Minimap view because you are blind. Your blindness partially protects you against the "unleashed". You can still hear (represented via text, possibly sound).
- The enemies are represented by the Base AI for optimum awareness and combat efficiency.
- The weapons are batons, tasers, handguns, lasers, security turrets. There are also various visualisation/concentration techniques.

The _Bardo Thodol_ says:
> O nobly-born, along with the radiances of Wisdom, the impure illusory lights of the Six Lokas will also come to shine. If it be asked, 'What are they?' [they are] a dull white light from the devas, a dull green light from the asuras, a dull yellow light from human beings, a dull blue light from the brutes, a dull reddish light from the pretas, and a dull smoke-coloured light from Hell. These six thus will come to shine, along with the six radiances of Wisdom; whereupon, be not afraid of nor be attracted towards any, but allow thyself to rest in the non-thought condition.

## Technical

- shell via xterm.js and mvdan-sh
- ~~ace-editor with tabs~~
- codemirror with tabs
- webworker with forked @babel/standalone
- service worker
- systemjs modules
- preact.js + linaria
- react-query + zustand

## On Website Development

In the beginning, Brendan Eich made LiveScript.
It was subsequently renamed _JavaScript_ (aka JS).
It is the only programming language natively understood by web browsers, and has two important siblings. HTML describes the hierarchy of elements on a webpage, whereas CSS specifies their look and feel. JS subsumes them both:

<!-- - e.g. via \`document.createElement\` and \`document.createElement('style')\`. -->
- e.g. via [JSX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSX_(JavaScript)) (syntactic sugar), [tagged templates](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals#tagged_templates) (ES2015) and runtime DOM diffing.
- e.g. via template languages compiling to JS.

Although browsing a website begins by downloading HTML, the latter is often generated by JS running on a server. Then browsing a website amounts to _running JavaScript_, initially remotely and subsequently on our own machine (the web browser interprets it). The resulting application depends on our input, various kinds of local storage and also API responses i.e. the backend infrastructure.

<!-- Since browsing amounts to running JavaScript, developing amounts to writing it. Developers also browse the site, built using JS autogenerated from their source code.
Additional JS is run on top, _repeatedly syncing the website with the autogenerated JS_.
The developer can then change the source code and see changes automatically, saving time and improving the development experience.
Ideally this process avoids a full page reload, and updates the changed components "in place".
We will implement such a system on this site. -->